# see the Makefile in github.com/azer/rss2email for usage example

# self-mirror
http://azer.kodfabrik.com/atom.xml azer+rss+myself@kodfabrik.com

http://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ azer+rss+myself+archlinux@kodfabrik.com

# literature
http://www.afilifilintalar.com/feed azer+rss+literature@kodfabrik.com
http://cyberzenarchy.wordpress.com/comments/feed/ azer+rss+beat@kodfabrik.com

# daily news
http://feeds.feedburner.com/hacker-news-feed-50?format=xml azer+rss+hackernews@kodfabrik.com
http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/hot/.rss azer+rss+programming@kodfabrik.com
http://www.reddit.com/r/archlinux/hot/.rss azer+rss+linux@kodfabrik.com
http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/hot/.rss azer+rss+linux@kodfabrik.com
http://www.reddit.com/r/emacs/hot/.rss azer+rss+emacs@kodfabrik.com
http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/hot/.rss azer+rss+news@kodfabrik.com
http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/hot/.rss azer+rss+pics@kodfabrik.com
http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/hot/.rss azer+rss+astronomy@kodfabrik.com

# popular-priority
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:nodejs azer+rss+nodejs@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:git azer+rss+git@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:emacs azer+rss+emacs@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:orgmode azer+rss+org@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:bash azer+rss+linux@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:xmonad azer+rss+xmonad@kodfabrik.com

# popular-webdev
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:webkit azer+rss+webdev@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:html5 azer+rss+webdev@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:css3 azer+rss+webdev@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:webgl azer+rss+webdev@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:nginx azer+rss+nginx@kodfabrik.com

# popular-misc
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:hack azer+rss+hack@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:hacker azer+rss+hack@kodfabrik.com

# popular-dbms
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:mongodb azer+rss+mongodb@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:neo4j azer+rss+neo4j@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:redis azer+rss+redis@kodfabrik.com

# popular-platforms
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:linux azer+rss+linux@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:llvm azer+rss+vm@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:chromium azer+rss+browsers@kodfabrik.com

# popular-languages
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:clojure azer+rss+clojure@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:python azer+rss+languages@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:clisp azer+rss+languages@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:lisp azer+rss+languages@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:ruby azer+rss+languages@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:haskell azer+rss+languages@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:lua azer+rss+languages@kodfabrik.com

# popular-geek
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:vim azer+rss+vim@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:xss azer+rss+xss@kodfabrik.com

# popular-cs
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:algorithms azer+rss+cs@kodfabrik.com
Http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:datastructures azer+rss+cs@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:softwareengineering azer+rss+cs@kodfabrik.com

# popular-gadgets
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:kindle azer+rss+gadgets@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:arduino azer+rss+gadgets@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:android azer+rss+gadgets@kodfabrik.com

# popular-science
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:astronomy azer+rss+astronomy@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/t:science azer+rss+science@kodfabrik.com

# people
http://www.aaronsw.com/2002/feeds/pgessays.rss azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://matt.might.net/articles/feed.rss azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://axisofeval.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://joehewitt.com/index.xml azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://cwilso.com/feed/ azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SoftwareIsHard azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://almaer.com/blog/index.xml azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://savas.me/blog/feed/rss azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://www.azarask.in/blog/feed/ azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://al3x.net/atom.xml azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://jng.imagine27.com/feed.rss azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/lifeisagraph azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JohnResig azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://mmcgrana.github.com/atom.xml azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/catonmat azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://blog.notdot.net/feeds/atom.xml azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://daringfireball.net/feeds/articles azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.feedburner.com/tom-preston-werner azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://www.bestinclass.dk/atom.xml azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.feedburner.com/PerfectionKills azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://four.livejournal.com/data/rss azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.feedburner.com/paul-irish azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://nakkaya.com/rss-feed azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.simonwillison.net/swn-everything azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://blog.ianbicking.org/feed/ azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://beltzner.ca/mike/feed/ azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.feedburner.com/madebynathan azer+rss+people@kodfabrik.com

# community
http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/rss.xml azer+rss+community@kodfabrik.com
http://functionsource.com/feeds/entries azer+rss+community@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.feedburner.com/dailyjs azer+rss+community@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JavascriptJavascript azer+rss+community@kodfabrik.com
http://calendar.perfplanet.com/feed/ azer+rss+community@kodfabrik.com
http://www.thespanner.co.uk/feed/ azer+rss+community@kodfabrik.com
http://masteringemacs.org/feed azer+rss+emacs@kodfabrik.com

# arstechnica
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/business/ azer+rss+arstechnica@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/gadgets/ azer+rss+arstechnica@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/open-source azer+rss+arstechnica@kodfabrik.com
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/science/ azer+rss+arstechnica@kodfabrik.com

# misc
http://tayfabandista.org/blog/?feed=rss2 azer+rss+bandista@kodfabrik.com
http://greatdictators.tumblr.com/rss azer+rss+humor@kodfabrik.com
